# Phoenix



<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="194"></th><th width="205"></th><th width="372"></th><th width="125"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name</td><td>Damage</td><td>Description</td><td>Cooldown</td></tr><tr><td>Blazing Feathers / Explosive Feathers</td><td>Base Damage: Attack Damage x2(Blazing)<br>Attack Damage x4(Explosive)<br><br>Multiplier: Ability, Projectile</td><td>Fire a phoenix feather. Every 4th strike, shoot a fireball that creates a horizontal explosion.</td><td>0.6 s</td></tr><tr><td>Ashdance / Scorching Blastwave</td><td>Base Damage: Attack Damage x2<br><br>Multiplier: Ability, Projectile</td><td>Dash backward and spray flaming ashes, homing towards the nearest enemy.</td><td>2 s</td></tr><tr><td>Phoenix Rebirth</td><td>Base Damage: Attack Damage x5<br><br>Multiplier: Ability</td><td>Summon your phoenix wings and enter phoenix form, damaging and knocking back nearby enemies. In Phoenix form, you gain jump boost 2 and slow falling. Blazing Feathers now fire 3 feathers in a row(x1.5 original damage), and every feather creates a small explosion when hit. Every 4th strike, shoot a fireball that creates an X-shaped explosion(x1.5 original damage). Ashdance now charges and fires a deadly blaze wave(x2.5 original damage), knocking back and burning enemies.</td><td>20 s</td></tr><tr><td>Pyroclasmic Barrage</td><td>Base Damage: Attack Damage x5<br><br>Multiplier: Ability, Projectile</td><td>Spread out multiple phoenix feathers around you and leap up backward. Fire all your floating feathers toward the direction you’re looking at and leap down, creating a flame wave that burns enemies and pushes them away.</td><td>10 s</td></tr><tr><td>Flameburst Convergence</td><td>Base Damage: Attack Damage x2(Feather)<br>Attack Damage x6(Explosion)<br><br>Multiplier: Ability, Projectile</td><td>Fire 3 feathers that split into 3 directions, converging at the middle point in the end, creating a strong explosion that causes enemies to get knocked away.</td><td>10 s</td></tr><tr><td>Phoenix Totem</td><td>Base Damage: Attack Damage x5(Flames)<br>Attack Damage x10(Explosion)<br><br>Multiplier: Ability</td><td>Summon a phoenix totem. Striking the totem causes a wave of flames around the totem, damaging and burning enemies in range. On the 5th strike, the totem explodes in a ring and knocks back enemies.</td><td>15 s</td></tr><tr><td>Flameborn</td><td>Base Damage: Attack Damage x1<br><br>Multiplier: Ability</td><td>Enemies damaged by your skills are burned. You are resistant to fire and lava.</td><td>N/A</td></tr></tbody></table>
